hey guys I'm back and I've been so
shopping and I ended up picking up a
couple pair of christian louboutins so i
figured that i will share them with you
guys because I know when I went in to
get my first pair I was like okay you
wear my star so I ended up having to do
some research and of course I want on
YouTube you might want to figure out
which pair you want your first baby or
you guys is where I have questions the
only question is feel free to ask oh and
if you guys alone christian louboutin
you should check out the little beat up
her channel is on YouTube amazing shoes
you are they are crazy amazing I think
she has like every single earned one
ever made my collection is nothing on
her so if you guys want to check that
out like stiletto me up it's her channel
with the 0 0 they also have a website
you guys can check out the new WWE
christianlouboutin.com I think it's like
tax flashy list you want to know which
their to start off with if you just want
to know like putting this trend good
pair of black Christian Louboutins are
here comes luck yes it is a smaller box
compared to the rest and when we get
attention
you see that right there that is
respects the name is the gala flat omana
fabric rope I don't know okay the gala
flat gee al I a gala flower is and the
fellow that I got it in was fly instead
of the red the traditional regarding
when they did it like workers but this
is what the shoes yeah it's really cute
as like little CL at first I thought
these were like sequins or whatever but
it's actually like stitched like all
this up here to stick to the crown the
CL everything is stitched and it kind of
have like the like it's called high
school tomorrow I don't know maybe i
might be meeting with other shoe that he
needs but the bottom looks like this
it's not read all the way it's just like
on the toe and on the heel which is
wrong with me recoleta no but again to
the bottom of these inland for their
flesh wounds but i thought these were
really really cute and she organized
together
damn oh I never noticed it's okay on the
inside of the yeast the Louboutin the
little stick thing is a white look at
you can't even see it's white on the
inside but they were quoted from sex
really cool and again they came in
another color teal colors but I like
this one I thought this was Sonia where
this would like a pair of jeans and a
button-down t-shirt there we go so this
is my first pair of black blue katana
thought they were really cool though
just like to throw in the next bag that
I picked up where these miss then 160
and the color is kara this is this is me
and I although I got me some sense all
these shoes are having sex and then this
one comes with the bread which all the
deals come with that I've never seen a
wedding but apparently that's what those
lectures come in I guess everything's
your thoughts but I love love you shoot
it's like a teeny color and it's got
like a little not like when I thought
that was so funny shoes are suede it's a
slingback that's bad full story there my
shirt person with so many effects is
that this little knot right here was
inspired I guess either a punch woman
then we're like returns on their head so
like a turban I thought that was
reversible so what I sure does but this
is it it's weighted a 160 so it is one
of the higher ones sad look side
at any suede shoes you guys get out of
here they come to Giuseppe prada
christian louboutin you guys have to
spray them because they won't mess up
these shoes were a lot of money you
don't want them to the next level this
is it really really cool this one see
you on inside and I think these were
1195 about twelve hundred dollars for
these but they're really pretty really
spread she just throw with some jeans
right tom whatever color top I'm gonna
color block that's fine too and she
arranged especially my strategies for my
size 38 and a half to like 39 some I
even have a size four just so I mean
once you find your size it's not like
you're that sizing parachute because
every shoot it's really much difference
that is all I have to show you guys
really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
have any questions you guys please feel
free to ask me about shoe size about
which was your most comfortable anything
guys maintenance for your hacks meeting
us from some answer every single area
but alright guys hope you enjoyed and as
always proficient in the video